
Q: When did the Vampire Diaries first start airing?
A: It started airing September 10, 2009

Q: Where does Vampire Diaries take place?
A: It takes place in Mystic Falls, Virginia. 

Q: What are Vampires? 
A: Vampires feed and survive on the blood of the living, and have cool powers like speed.

Q: What are Werewolves? 
A: Supernatural creatures with enhanced abilities who transform into powerful wolf like beings during a full moon. 

Q: What are Witches? 
A: Supernatural beings with the ability to manipulate magic. 

Q: What is a Hybrid? 
A: Someone who is half Vampire and Werewolf.

Q: Who are the Salvatore brothers? 
A: Damon and Stefan Salvatore

Q: How old is Stefan Salvatore? 
A: He is 171 years old.

Q: When did Stefan Salvatore turn into a Vampire? 
A: He turned when he was 17 years old in 1864. 

Q: How old is Damon Salvatore? 
A: He is 178 years old. 

Q: When did Damon Salvatore turn into a Vampire? 
A: He turned when he was 25 years old in 1864.

Q: Who turned the Salvatore brothers into Vampires? 
A: Katherine Pierce turned both salvatore Brothers into Vampires. 

Q: Who are Elena Gilbert best friends? 
A: Hwe best friends are Bonnie Bennet and Caroline Forbes

Q: What is the name of Elena Gilbert Doppleganger?
A: Her name is Katherine Pierce and she is a Vampire. 

Q: What is the name of the object that can kill vampires and other supernatural beings? 
A: The White Oak Stake

Q: Who are the originals? 
A: They are the first ever Vampires ever created, making them the most powerful vampires in existence.

Q: Who are in the Originals?
A: The Mikaelson Family consists of Klaus, Elijah, Rebekah, Kol, Finn, and freya. 

Q: When does the Originals get introduced in the Vampire Diaries? 
A: The Originals first appear in season 2 of the vampire diaries. 

Q: What is the name of the vampire hunter obsessed with killing Vampires? 
A: Alaric Saltzman 


Q: When does Elena Gilbert turn into a Vampire? 
A: She becomes a Vampire in Season 4 of the Vampire Diaries. 

Q: Who is the original Hybrid?
A: The Original Hybrid is Klaus Mikaelson one of the Originals.

Q: What is the name of the supernatural prison world where powerful beings can be trapped?
A: The other side 

Q: What is the significance of the Gilbert Ring?
A: It protects its wearer from sunlight, a weakness for Vampires. 

Q: What is the name of the spell that can bring someone back from the dead at a tragic cost? 
A: The expression Triad

Q: Why did esther turn her children into the first ever vampires?
A: To protect them from werewolf attacks. 

Q: Who is Kai parker? 
A: Kai Parker is a powerful Gemini Witch known for his manipulative personality and dark humor. He is the main antagonist in season 6.

Q: What is a Gemini witch? 
A: powerful witches born under the astrological sign of Gemini. 

Q: Who is the longest living Vampire? 
A: The Oldest Vampire is Mikael, who has been alive for over thousands of years. 

Q: Who in the Vampire diaries become a Hybrid?
A: Tyler Lockwood

Q: Who are the founding families of Mystics Falls? 
A: The Salvatore family, The Gilbert Family, The Lockwood Family, The Forbes Family, and the Fell Family.

Q: What is the role of of Mystic falls founder council?
A: A secret society that has protected Mystic Falls from supernatural threats. 

Q: What is they Mystic Falls founder tomb? 
A: Its a powerful location where dark magic can be amplied.

Q: Who is elena Gilbert love interests? 
A: Damon Salvatore and Stefan Salvatore. 

Q: who is silas? 
A: An acient powerful being who was once a human, then a witch, and finally a Vampire.  

Q: What is the role of Heretics? 
A: Group of Vampires who have gained magical abilities through dark Magic. 

Q: What is the travelers curse? 
A: Can be used to control and manipulate others. 




